Add Trino Gateway 18 release notes (#887)
trinodb/trino-gateway: docs/release-notes.md

## 2026

### Trino Gateway 18 (xx Feb 2026) { id="18" }

Artifacts:

* [JAR file gateway-ha-18-jar-with-dependencies.jar](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/trino/gateway/gateway-ha/18/gateway-ha-18-jar-with-dependencies.jar)
* Container image `trinodb/trino-gateway:18`
* Source code as
  [tar.gz](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/archive/refs/tags/18.tar.gz)
  or [zip](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/archive/refs/tags/18.zip)
* [Trino Helm chart](https://trinodb.github.io/charts/) `trino/trino-gateway` version `1.18.0`

Changes:

**General**

* Support in-memory caching of backend metadata retrieved from the Trino Gateway

>   database with the `databaseCacheTTL` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  database with the `databaseCache` setting.
```

  ([#783](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/pull/783))

> * Add `queryHistoryEnabled` setting to deactivate query history recording in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add `queryHistoryEnabled` configuration property to disable query history recording in the
```

  Trino Gateway database. 
  ([#800](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/pull/800))

**UI**

> * Add drop down widget to allow setting of the time zone for display.

Author: Updated

## 2026

### Trino Gateway 18 (4 Mar 2026) { id="18" }

Artifacts:

* [JAR file gateway-ha-18-jar-with-dependencies.jar](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/trino/gateway/gateway-ha/18/gateway-ha-18-jar-with-dependencies.jar)
* Container image `trinodb/trino-gateway:18`
* Source code as
  [tar.gz](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/archive/refs/tags/18.tar.gz)
  or [zip](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/archive/refs/tags/18.zip)
* [Trino Helm chart](https://trinodb.github.io/charts/) `trino/trino-gateway` version `1.18.0`

Changes:

**General**

* Support in-memory caching of backend metadata retrieved from the Trino Gateway
  database with the `databaseCache` setting.
  ([#783](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/pull/783))
* Add `queryHistoryEnabled` configuration property to deactivate query history
  recording in the Trino Gateway database.
  ([#800](https://github.com/trinodb/trino-gateway/pull/800))

> * Prevent failure of HTTP HEAD requests to `/v1/statement`.

Author: @ebyhr @prakhar10  wdyt
